♫ Oh, my God,
please help me ♫
♫ Knee-deep in the river
trying to get clean ♫
♫ He says wash your hands,
get out the stains ♫
♫ But you best believe, boy,
there's hell to pay ♫
♫ Yeah, you best believe, boy,
there's hell to pay, saying ♫
♫ Oh, my God,
please help me ♫
♫ Neck-deep in the river
screaming for relief ♫
♫ He says, it's mine to give
but it's yours to choose ♫
♫ You're gonna sink or swim,
you're gonna learn the truth ♫
♫ No matter what do,
you're gonna learn
the truth, saying ♫
♫ Ate the bread
that once was stones ♫
♫ Fell from a cliff,
never broke a bone ♫
♫ Bowed down to get
the kings overthrown ♫
♫ And I'm all alone
and the fire grows ♫
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Does this hurt? I'd never
want to hurt you.
The first few years,
I couldn't bear to be touched.
Talking was torture
because of the burns.
But I adapted,
learned to communicate
with the tools at hand.
Kept me distracted.
Kept me from
scratching my scars open.
Ahem.
That was my father's.
Second War, paratrooper.
Dropped men behind
the lines at night.
Can't talk. Snipers.
So...
Crickets.
Wow.
I just want you to know
that working on this case
has been a gift.
Yes.
I know that I stumbled at first,
but I've grown.
I saw the video.
You surpassed
all my expectations.
Thank you.
That' all I've ever wanted.
To stand in front of a jury,
wow them with my eloquence,
and...
it's all thanks to you.
No.
And I want you to know
that, no matter what
happens in this case,
it's not going to affect
our feelings, is it?
No.
W-Why do you keep shoving
these fucking pictures at me?
I mean, they do
get a closer look.
You got to be
really strong to do that.
I don't even know
what that means.
When do I get my car back?
That's it?
That's all you got to say to me?
He already told you
he doesn't know anything.
No. You're the one
that said that.
He hasn't asked a damn question.
Look, I know
it doesn't look good,
but there's not a law
against having a dead
snitch in your trunk.
So that's why you killed him?
Because he was a snitch?
Yeah, that's it. Yeah.
Yeah, I killed him,
I threw him in my trunk,
and then I called you guys.
God damn. Be real, man.
Look, he has an alibi.
All right?
All you have to do
is call Donald Cooperman.
That's it.
We called,
and his assistant says
he doesn't want to get involved.
Great, but you still
have the photos
that show that he was
serving Cooperman a subpoena
at the exact time that
this guy was getting stabbed
and put in my client's trunk.
- This guy.
- That's right.
What time was that?
Uh...
You said you knew
the exact time.
- Did I?
- We don't know
the exact time
that this guy was stabbed.
Cool. Neither do I.
But I would like to know
why are there people
sticking dead bodies
in your client's trunk.
To frame him, obviously.
We have motive.
Karl Stoltz was investigating
two of your clients
on a drug deal.
You want me to give you
some more motive?
He killed my client
and tried to kill me,
so there you go.
Yeah, there's all kind
of fucking motive.
I get it.
But you got no prints,
no blood, no weapon,
none of that shit.
So unless you're
going to arrest me,
I think we're done here.
No, so I thought
I had more time this morning.
- Sorry.
- Excuse me.
So I decided to make
breakfast like an adult,
And everyone saying "Avocado
toast, avocado toast,"
so I'm there with
an avocado in this hand
and trying to get the pit out.
You call. The fucking
knife slips, right?
And it slices me
right fucking there
on my middle finger, mind you,
which I fucking need.
And it's like four
stitches, they're saying.
And I think there's,
like, seven to ten days,
and then it's going to be fine.
But I've never had
to deal with that before.
Talk to me.
Look, I'm...
I'm telling you,
it's... What's going on?
Oh, my God, what's going on?
What's going on?
Just talk to me.
Um...
um... okay.
Uh, I don't...
I don't know. Um...
do you...
How about a story?
Yeah?
Um, so...
Uh, I fucking do remember one.
Uh, there one...
there once was an oyster
whose story I tell
that found that some sand
had gotten into his shell.
It was only a grain,
but it gave him great glee
for oysters have feelings...
Just tell me
it's going to be okay.
It's going to be okay.
You're fine.
You're okay.
So you admit
that you are a liar.
I lied about Ryan Larson,
but that does not
make me a liar.
To lie is to be a liar
be definition.
If I may explain...
The question is not
if you're a liar
because you are.
The question is, were you lying
when you said he was suicidal
or are you lying now?
Or when you broke
your oath to the Church
not to reveal the secrets
of the confessional.
I would like to explain.
You have already tried.
You can try again with the jury.
Let's just hope none
of them are Catholics
or people who care
about the truth.
Clearly Mr. McBride has
bigger legal problems
than our case.
Why hasn't he been charged yet?
Do you really think
he killed someone? Come on.
I mean, I know you hate the guy,
but... but murder?
He's killed others...
not directly,
but by his actions
as a defense lawyer
releasing killers.
This is a huge break for us,
whether McBride
gets charged or not.
It's a distraction for him.
Can you imagine
the pressure
that he's under?
Plus, it means that Patty...
whatever her name is
is going to have to bear
more of the burden,
which is great.
She's never tried a case.
You've never tried a case.
I didn't go
to Laverne Law School.
Wow. Look at you,
so confident.
Thank you.
So McBride is going to file
for a continuance.
It would be malpractice not to.
And I say that we
oppose it strongly.
- Are you sure about that?
- Absolutely.
Every single day
that this case drags on,
Borns Tech is vulnerable
to a decline in stock value,
and that makes America
vulnerable.
I mean, letting a nobody
like Billy McBride
hold up a great corporation
with a frivolous
and ridiculous lawsuit?
It's not just wrong,
it endangers everything
that matters to our c-c...
c-c-c...
c-c...
country.
Ahem.
Lucy,
do you need me to fill
a prescription for you?
F...
I'm fine.
Yeah.
You seem... fine.
I'm fine.
I swear.
So Rothenberg clearly feels
that greed is ruining
our society,
but is that greed systemic
or a result
of individual choices?
- Hello. Can I help you?
- Hi.
Uh, yeah,
Denise McBride, please.
- Denise?
- Denise McBride.
- And who are you?
- Don't worry about it.
- Come on.
- Sorry.
It's okay. Go ahead.
- It's okay.
- Boy, am I.
- What is going on?
What happened to your hand?
Is my dad okay?
- It's avocado...
- Did something happen?
Was there an accident?
Why are you here?
Your dad's fine.
Your dad's fine, okay?
He had a little bit
of a panic attack.
Panic attack?
Like a heart attack?
- Is he in the hospital?
- Like an anxiety attack.
He's fine, though.
He wouldn't go
to the hospital.
Of course he wouldn't.
It's like an anxiety
thing, you know.
- He's okay.
- He's fine, okay?
I'm sorry. I really
didn't mean to scare you.
Jesus, Patty.
I'm sorry. Look.
Uh, the reason...
the reason why I'm...
I'm here
is, um...
you seem to be the only person
who knows how to ground him.
And he could really
use that right now.
So if there's anything
that you can do,
I just... I'd really
appreciate it. Okay?
Why are you doing this?
What do you mean?
This case. Why are
any of you doing it?
It's destroying him.
It looks like it's
destroying you.
My mom is acting like
a complete crazy person.
Okay, with all due respect,
your mother's not
my fucking problem.
Okay? And, uh,
no one's getting paid for this.
So I don't know why
the fuck we're doing this.
But...
everyone needs a reason
to wake up in the morning,
and it's a pretty good
fucking reason.
I'm having a day, okay?
Okay.
So...
are you in?
- Of course.
- Great.
Go learn something.
His tongue and his
dick were cut off.
LAPD didn't mention it?
No.
They didn't find his tongue,
but his dick was in his mouth.
Jesus Christ.
What the hell's
happening here, man?
We honestly don't know.
But, obviously,
someone's mad enough
to send you a message,
and he was the message.
But we don't know.
Here you go.
All records of foreign sales
by Borns Tech of cluster bombs.
Are you kidding me?
I asked Borns Tech.
They just say
they don't make them.
We're asking for all
of Karl Stoltz'
military records, too.
We need to tie him
to Borns Tech and prove
that they hired him
to kill Rachel Kennedy.
That guy doesn't
have any records.
Go serve the State Department,
the Pentagon. DOD.
Oh, believe me, I'm
gonna serve all of them.
I'm just starting with you.
I told you what I
told you as a favor.
I understand that.
Sorry to be
such an asshole, man,
but I got to do
what I got to do.
Fucking with the FBI
over one case.
Sure you want to do that?
Yeah, pretty sure.
What's up, bud?
What are you doing?
I'm drawing your picture.
Why would you be doing that?
You got a really good face.
Bullshit.
Don't give me that.
No, no, really. You got
some great character...
Who are you doing this
for? Seriously.
Just for practice,
just for the heck of it.
This is what I do.
I sit here all day,
and I draw...
- You've been here all day?
- ...people as they come by.
All day, yeah.
And you draw other people, too.
- Yeah, plenty of them.
- Let me see.
I can't because actually
I gave them the pictures.
Would you like your picture?
- You'll give it to me?
- Absolutely.
Here we go.
All yours.
Enjoy.
Okay.
Sorry about that, man.
You just never know.
- You know what I mean?
- It's not a problem.
- Enjoy it.
- Okay, buddy.
I haven't stuttered once
in over six weeks.
But you stuttered yesterday
and the day before.
It was on one word.
It was on one stupid
little word.
And you know what the word was?
Country.
Country. And you know why
I probably hit that word?
It was because I was
in the presence of Callie,
who's a card-carrying
c-c-cunt.
Good for you.
You no longer have
a speaking part
in the trial.
Okay, first of all,
if I were to stutter
in court, which I won't,
but if I were,
that would only serve
to humanize me
in front of the jury,
which could run to the benefit
of our very inhuman-
and monstrous-seeming client.
You put me on this case
because I'm smart
and I'm talented,
and I have done great work,
thanks to you.
I've done it...
behind the scenes, maybe,
but I... I deserve
to be seen doing it.
Shaken confidence
does not serve the client
or the firm.
My confidence is not shaken.
Mine is.
Come on.
I'm ready for this.
Let me do it.
Please.
You'll still be a valuable
member of the team.
And a dear friend.
Are you breaking up with me?
- Good night.
Callie.
I hear you're back on top
with Borns Tech.
Not surprising.
You always seem
to get what you want in the end.
The only thing I want
in the world is you.
That's why...
why I texted Denise:
because I want to be
a part of your life,
- all parts of your life.
- Uh-huh.
Well, your methodology
is disqualifying.
I'm so... I'm s...
I'm sorry...
You traumatized my daughter.
You traumatized me
in the process.
We have no future together.
If you never believe
anything I say again,
believe that.
Hey.
If you care anything
about what's left of your
little family unit,
you might want to tell your
ex-husband to cry uncle
because when I get done
with him...
It's just difficult
to destroy dads
without daughters becoming
collateral damage.
Sometimes ex-wives, too.
Fuck you.
Finally. You get stuck
in the stairwell?
Move.
Let's look at the arrest report.
Yeah. I'm on it.
You did all this?
It's impressive.
I hope my daughters grow up
to be this capable.
You're a great lawyer,
Lucy, with a great future.
But not everybody is
cut out for trial work.
Are you done with that?
He did not!
Hey.
What do you want from me?
Dad, it's me.
I stuck out my neck for you.
Now you live up...
All right.
What took you so long?
They had to make the shit.
Okay, so I got yours
with no onions.
How you like it.
Dad, you at least have
to take a bite of it.
I will.
You should call a doctor.
I told you,
it's just a panic attack.
You sure your mom's okay
with you staying here?
Yeah, she seemed fine.
Did you ask her?
- No.
- That's what I thought.
Well, she's been
really busy lately.
She's on the phone
more than usual.
How's your mom and, uh,
and your aunt Callie?
How are they doing?
Gross. I don't know. Okay?
- I don't ask.
- I don't blame you.
Can you watch anything else?
Yeah. Rudy or High Noon.
You sure you're okay?
Yeah. Yeah, I'm fine.
Well, you look good.
So...
Yeah, okay. Thanks.
And for what it's worth,
I'm proud of you.
♫ I don't like
staying at home ♫
♫ When the moon
is bleeding red ♫
♫ Woke up stoned
in a back seat ♫
♫ From a dream where my
teeth fell out of my head ♫
♫ Cut it up,
cut it up, yeah ♫
♫ Everybody's
on something here ♫
♫ My God, same chemical ♫
♫ Best friend's skeleton
whispering in my ear ♫
♫ Walk with me to the end ♫
♫ Stare with me
into the aby... ♫
Fuck.
Hey. I thought it was you.
How are you? How's it...
Let me see your license.
Oh, come on.
You know who I am.
Give me your license.
Okay.
Here you go.
Brittany Gold.
Get out of the car.
I'm sorry about the tape.
Don't worry. Billy won't
show it to anyone,
especially not your wife.
Karl Stoltz is dead.
You know who that is, right?
Did you really think
I was going to let a bitch
like you set me up?
I'm really sorry...
You know what?
I could run you in right now
for the vials of shit
that I know you have
on your person.
- Fucking bitch!
- Aah!
Chain in or out?
In, please.
All right, listen, I don't know
who's going to be
there today, okay?
- Yes.
- I need you on your A game.
- All right?
- Okay.
Laser focused. Okay?
- Pee less.
- Right.
Also, please learn
how to tie your own tie
because you're
a grown-ass man.
Oh, well.
I'm so proud of you, sis.
What are you...
What the fuck is wrong with you?
God damn it!
Shit!
Sorry I'm late. Traffic.
Ready to go?
♫ The city street is hot ♫
♫ The heat has escalated ♫
♫ Every corner in the town ♫
♫ There's a paycheck ♫
God damn it.
♫ Well, they pretend
they like you ♫
♫ But man's best friend
will bite you ♫
♫ Just for fun ♫
♫ If they're gunning
for you, boy ♫
♫ You've already won ♫
All right. This matter
is now in session.
The Honorable
Rosten Keller presiding.
Oh, here we go.
The Estate of
Ryan Larson, et Al,
versus Borns Technology.
Parties are present, Your Honor.
Be seated. Ahem.
This matter is here
for a status hearing.
I'm looking at the file,
but I see very little progress.
I don't like that.
Well, Your Honor,
we've been conducting
depositions
- and taking testimony...
- No.
They've been doing depositions.
In fact, from where I sit,
you've done next to nothing
since we last convened
other than show up
at my house uninvited.
Your Honor,
it would take two years
to go through all the
discovery they dumped on us,
Plus, I'm dealing with
this police matter right now.
It is not my concern.
My concern is this case.
You're not getting two years
to try this case.
I'm not asking for that,
Your Honor.
Listen, this case
either moves forward,
or it stops.
It's time to either put up
or shut up, counsel.
What's it going to be?
Did you hear me, sir?
Yes, sir, I heard you.
Put up or shut up.
The plaintiff chooses put up.
I beg your pardon?
We call ready for trial.
What are you doing?
We're not ready
for trial, Your Honor.
Why not? You've got
about a million lawyers
working on this.
I call ready for trial.
This is a dangerous game
you're playing, Mr. McBride.
You haven't gone
through the discoveries.
You haven't deposed
their witnesses.
Well, I have a pretty good idea
what they're gonna all say.
Do I understand this correctly?
You're ready to proceed
to trial now, today.
Yes, sir, that's correct.
- Miss Senate?
- This is ridiculous.
If he says he's ready for trial,
the court takes him at his word.
This is a stunt.
Your Honor,
he is alleging negligence,
which necessitates
more discovery
with respect to duty of care.
This will take time.
Okay, let's forget negligence.
We'll just go with
wrongful act and fraud.
Excuse me? You're willing
to waive the claims of
negligence against Borns Tech?
That's correct.
That's your strongest
cause of action.
You open yourself up
to malpractice.
Well, instead of going
with an innocent mistake,
we're going to go
with a conspiracy.
You're willing to waive
the negligence claim?
I just did waive it.
They say he killed himself.
We say he didn't.
We say Borns Tech
had him working
on an illegal weapon
that blew him up.
It's very simple.
Your Honor, could I
have a moment to, uh...
- Please.
- ...speak with my...
people?
Okay, thoughts?
Nope, I don't like it.
What are you talking about?
There is no evidence
of any intentional acts
or of a cover-up.
If he's willing to go
with wrongful acts
and fraud, we win.
Mm-mm.
- Ahem.
- Counsel?
Your Honor,
we call ready for trial.
Well,
isn't this interesting?
Call down the voir dire panel.
We're gonna pick us a jury.
What I don't understand
is how you don't warn me.
Well, you haven't been
listening to me.
I wasn't sure
I was going to do it
when we went in.
I had to see
if they were ready.
We're not ready!
- We're not ready.
- They're not, either.
If they were ready,
they would have
brought a whole crew
and a bunch of video equipment,
a bunch more files,
all kind of shit.
So you in no way feel
that this is rushed.
We have no choice.
I mean, I could get
arrested any time.
- Oh, stop.
- Or maybe killed.
Jesus Christ.
Time's not exactly
on our side here.
Tomorrow? Hmm.
The partners
aren't happy, Donald.
I wouldn't call it
exactly a revolt,
but there's definite rumbling...
mostly about the Borns Tech case
and your relationship with Lucy.
That's over,
and the partners'
doubts will pass.
Well...
if...
we win the Borns case, maybe.
Or what?
They'll replace me?
I'd like to meet the man
they have in mind.
Or the woman.
Listen. Please
listen to me, Donald.
People are concerned.
You have been a rock...
stable, rational.
This case has tripped
a wire somewhere.
Ahem.
Oh, my God.
You are more like Billy
than you realize.
You both need someone
to fight and to hate
and to destroy.
You can't just be.
I loved Billy.
I truly did. Once.
We were quite a team.
You couldn't stand him, Donald.
Eventually no, but in the
beginning I loved him.
- Until you didn't.
- Until I didn't
because he was weak,
because he drank,
because he never really
stood for anything.
That's what you do.
People fall,
and you just
let them keep falling.
Oh, come on.
Are you going to help Lucy?
I know that you care about her.
She just might be the one
thing to make you happy.
She made me happy.
But she was weak.
Ahem.
Lawyers are reminded...
opening statements
are not arguments.
They're road maps
to let the juries know
what evidence they can
expect to hear.
Plaintiff has
the burden of proof
and delivers the first
opening statement.
Cool.
Um...
okay, let's do this.
How are you guys doing?
Sorry. I had a little bit
of a kitchen accident.
I was trying to get
an avocado pit out,
and I did the stab method
instead of the chop.
- Took off like half my...
- Ahem!
...but I'm good to go.
I know. I'm here.
I'm here, you're here.
Let's do this, right?
So I am Patty Solis-Papagian.
I represent Jason Larson.
So two years ago,
Ryan Larson, father of Jason,
employee of Borns Tech,
blew up on a boat
owned by the defendant.
What was he doing on the boat?
Well, he was dumping
explosives into the ocean.
Completely illegal.
Now, what were these explosives
that he was dumping? Well,
they were parts
of an illegal weapon
that was being made
by Borns Tech.
we have video of the explosion.
Not only do we have video,
we have the blueprints
and the model of the weapon.
We found them buried
in his backyard.
Guy had them buried
At the end of the day,
Borns Tech is no good.
They're just no good
because they do dangerous things
with hazardous materials,
and they don't care
who it affects.
They could care less.
And this is a trend
that happens
with big corporations
all the time.
Your Honor?
Ford with the Pinto,
Big Tobacco, NFL with the...
Those cases have nothing
to do with this case.
The jury will disregard.
Please disregard it.
Please disregard it
because that's
exactly what they do
to people like you and me.
We are disregarded
because, unless
we make them money,
- unless you're putting
cash in their pocket...
- Objection.
- Ms. Papagian...
- ...no value to them at all.
Sustained.
Uh, really,
one more time, and you're done.
All right. Well, I am done.
Here's the thing.
They're going to tell you
that Ryan Larson was suicidal.
Absolutely a lie.
In no way was
Ryan Larson suicidal.
Thank you for your time.
Hi.
That was interesting.
It's very impassioned.
The evidence will show
that Ryan Larson
left a suicide note.
Look, Borns Tech
is in the business
of protecting America
from terrorism.
That's what we do.
Let me take this opportunity
to introduce you
to Leonard Letts,
my co-counsel,
and Lucy Kittridge.
Lucy's brother died
in the war effort.
He went overseas,
and he lost his life
to enemy fire protecting
this country
and all the principles
that we hold dear.
Lucy's brother...
- Objection.
- ...wasn't a war profiteer.
He was a patriot.
And so is Borns Tech.
Look, we know that
having a deep pocket
means that sometimes
you get subjected to extortion.
It happens.
But for them
to saddle up a child...
the child of a suicide victim...
Where does it stop?
Well, at the end of this case,
I hope it stops there.
You can go...
prop.
Ryan never talked about
what he was working on,
but I knew it made him
very unhappy.
He was very stressed.
Now, did he ever talk
about killing himself?
No. Never.
After he died, that's what
Borns Tech told me happened,
and I believed them.
Why did you believe them?
Shock, anger.
I wasn't thinking clearly.
It was easier
to blame Ryan somehow,
- and I regret that.
- Right.
You weren't thinking clearly.
Hmm. But clearly well enough
to take an enormous
settlement from Borns Tech.
I had my son to consider.
You told us
that Ryan was unhappy
and stressed.
At work.
Not at home.
I mean, everything okay
with you two at home.
Yes. Pretty much.
Was he unhappy or stressed
about anything
between the two of you?
No.
It's your last chance
to come clean.
I had an affair.
And how did that make him feel?
Sad, maybe?
The reason they're so powerful
is because they got
the resources, you know?
They got investigators
and a shit load of money,
200 or 300 little creeps
running around there
that can search the internet
or research whatever
they need, you know.
Big operation.
They got everything
on everybody.
- Well...
- Sorry I'm late.
Didn't you even know I was late?
We started the trial.
- I'm sorry...
- I know.
I was there for some of it.
It's not going so good
for your team.
I don't know
where this came from
or what it means, so don't ask.
That right there
is the last favor I do for you.
Hi.
How's it going?
Oh, no.
What happened to your hand?
Please go away.
- No?
- Mm-mm.
- Okay.
Um...
what?
Oh. We got a couple
of creeps, too.
Right.
Okay. So...
these are Stoltz'
military records
from the Marines.
Defense contractors
hire ex-military.
We may be able to connect
him to Borns Tech that way.
Yeah, but Stoltz
was never mentioned
in any of the Borns Tech files.
Oh. We haven't gone
through all of them yet.
Besides, that's not
going to be there.
They'd never
admit that he's theirs.
What is this?
That's part of a Borns Tech
cluster bomb
that just wiped out
all those people
you saw in the other images,
all those women,
children, civilians.
Okay, we move to suppress this.
Yeah, no shit.
I'm sure you do.
Our witness, who happens
to be their ex-employee,
will testify that this
is the finished product
of the model that we found
buried in Ryan's backyard.
Now, they're saying
that they don't make
cluster bombs,
and this proves
that they're lying.
Ms. Senate?
Obviously, these
images are irrelevant.
There are no markings
that identify it as
a Borns Tech product.
There's no reason to think
that our client
had anything to do
with making or selling that.
Our witness will testify
that this was built
to Borns Tech blueprints
and of the Borns Tech model.
Okay, this is trial by surprise
bullshit, Your Honor.
We don't know what that is
- or where it came from...
- Your Honor.
...even if it's real.
You sure it didn't look
familiar to you, Leonard?
Its probative value is
substantially outweighed
by their prejudicial
impact on the jury,
and we've had no time
to review them.
The images are disallowed.
- Oh, come on.
- Why?
Are you kidding me?
It lacks foundation
and is unduly prejudicial.
The images are disallowed.
Judge, are you going
to let me put on
a case here or not?
Mr. McBride...
Mr. McBride,
call your next witness
or rest.
Based on your professional
knowledge and experience,
what do you think
happened to Ryan Larson?
Based on the size
of the explosion
taken from the video
by the fishermen,
it was caused
by a large amount of
the napalm-based fuel
and something else, too:
munitions.
What do you mean?
Do you mean bombs?
We don't like to use
the term "bombs,"
but yes, bombs.
Did Ryan Larson ever
work on cluster bombs?
- Officially?
- Mm-hmm.
Nobody worked on cluster
bombs at Borns Tech.
Officially, we didn't make them.
They're banned,
indiscriminate devices
that killed way too many
civilian women and kids.
So earlier,
Gina Larson testified
that this was found
buried in her backyard.
Can you tell us what this is?
Well, that right there is
a model of a banned weapon
using illegal fuel
and cluster bombs
which Borns Tech developed.
Okay. And with this model
we found these guys.
Can you tell us what these are?
Those are blueprints
for what appears to be
a cluster bomb system.
Thank you. Nothing further.
- Thank you.
- Mr. Berring,
you were fired from Borns Tech
because of mental health issues
relating to fantasy
and occasionally hearing voices.
Okay, but that...
that's... it's...
Yes, amongst other things.
Including anger.
Anger's a big one
for you, isn't it?
You sought revenge
against an ex-girlfriend
for breaking up with you
by posting a video
of the two of you having sex
on the internet
without her consent.
- Isn't that true?
- Yes, it's... it's correct,
but I... I'm deeply... ashamed.
So you get angry,
and you take revenge.
That's what you do.
You did it to a woman
that you loved,
and now you're doing it
to the company that fired you.
- That's not a question.
- No. Here's the question.
Yes or no, the model
on the blueprints
that you were just
talking about,
did any of them have
the Borns Tech name
or any identifying
markings on them?
Not that I know of, no.
They could have been
made by anybody.
I mean, for all we know,
they could be
Ryan Larson's design.
I mean, yes,
but that...
that wouldn't be feasible.
Yes. I suppose so.
Nothing further.
Hi.
I went by your office.
I saw your stuff
was still there,
so I figured you might
have come up here.
Clever of me.
Here.
It's liberating to do
the wrong thing sometimes.
Most of the time.
What generation of feminism
are we up to now?
Fifth wave? Or sixth?
I don't... I've lost count.
I do know that it is still...
really hard.
It takes grit,
resolve.
When I look at you, Lucy,
I see how smart you are
and how hard you work.
I see how much you want it.
But you don't have it.
You don't even begin to have it,
and you never, ever will.
He sent me to tell you
you're fired.
Well, not fired.
If anyone asks, we'll say
you left of your own accord.
We wish you well.
Why do you hate me so much?
I don't hate you, Lucy.
After tonight,
I won't even remember
you were here.
Uh, there were two big booms.
Um, that's the second one.
- You can see the fire.
- Mm-hmm.
All the burning plastic
coming down.
Uh, then came the wave.
The wave that sank your boat.
Yeah.
Now, after the first
time we spoke,
what happened?
This guy came to us...
uh, Karl Stoltz...
and he said that there
was a shipment...
- Objection. Hearsay.
- Sustained.
The jury will disregard.
Why are you dressed
like that, Gabriel?
Uh, after we first talked
to you about the boat,
this guy Stoltz showed up
to set us up on a drug deal.
- Your Honor.
- He framed us.
Why would he do that?
- Objection. Speculation.
- Sustained.
Mr. McBride, do you
have any other questions
for the witness?
Yes, sir.
I have plenty more...
about Karl Stoltz, but you
won't let me ask them.
That line of questioning
has been shut down.
Please move on, sir.
Gabriel...
um...
Well, Your Honor,
I'm a little stuck here.
Ms. Senate.
You have no idea
what made that boat blow up,
do you, Mr. Marquez?
Not really.
Thank you.
Officer,
Mr. Marquez is done.
Mr. McBride,
call your next witness.
Mr. McBride.
Mr. McBride!
I... Do you have
another witness?
Yes, your Honor.
The plaintiff would like
to call Wendell Corey
to the stand.
He's not on the witness
list. He's not even here.
He doesn't have to be
on the list.
He's a party to the action.
Mr. Corey
has no information
about what transpired
on that boat.
Oh, that's great.
Let him testify to that.
Your Honor,
this is unfair surprise.
We have the right to call him.
If you disagree,
I'll file
an emergency appeal.
We'll drag this thing
out forever.
We can talk about it
all day if you want.
Okay, okay. Okay. Okay.
Get Mr. Corey in here.
Your Honor...
we respectfully ask for time
to consider filing a motion
to preclude this testimony.
I respectfully
deny your request.
Get Mr. Corey in here.
Now!
So I got to put my ass
in the hot seat now?
He has nothing.
Really? You sure
of that, huh, Donald?
I am.
What if he does have something?
Huh?
You know what I suggest?
I'd suggest
we give these fuckers
$10 million and get
this over with now.
Try not to be stupid, Wendell.
Lord knows you're capable of it.
And don't go weak on me
after all I've done for you.
Donald...
After all you've done for me.
You condescending asshole.
How about the nearly
billion dollars in fees
we've paid you over the years?
When you illegally
tested and developed items
to get a jump on the market,
I protected you from clear
and massive violations
of Federal rules
and regulations!
You know what?
Whatever you did,
you got paid for it, didn't you?
We made mistakes.
Okay?
But I'll tell you
what we didn't do.
We didn't kill anyone.
How about you, Donald?
Did you kill anyone?
No.
- Don't tell me...
- Hey.
- You fucking asshole.
- Wendell.
You know what? You're out
of your fucking mind, Donald.
I'm going to shove that
riding crop up your ass.
How about that?
Fuck you, Donald!
I know who you are.
Remember that.
- Hey.
I forgot my charger in there.
Oh, okay.
Yeah, and I
brought you something.
- Really?
- Yeah.
- For me, huh?
- Uh-huh. For you.
Drum roll...
♫ Da da da ♫
Nice.
With real cane sugar.
It's your favorite.
Yeah, it's the real thing.
It's warm, but it's still good.
That's all right.
I'll put it in the fridge
in a little bit.
- Thank you.
- Yeah.
I thought today
went pretty good.
Right?
Anything I can do to help?
Uh...
shoot me.
Come on.
You're okay, right?
Uh...
I don't even know anymore.
You're really good
at this, Billy.
You're going to be great.
Okay. well,
if you don't need me,
then I got a date.
So see you tomorrow.
Okay?
Yeah.
Good luck, baby.
I thought you forgot
your charger.
Oh. Yeah.
I'm such an idiot, right?
It's been a really long day.
- Yeah.
- God.
I hear you.
Good morning.
Good morning,
Mr. Corey.
Wendell's fine.
As I understand it,
you make a lot of money
by killing people.
We're defense contractors.
We employ Americans
that build the tools
to defend the country.
Hmm. And you also
sell these tools
to Russia and China
and Saudi Arabia
and Yemen, places like that.
If the price is right.
The United States government
authorized those sales.
A couple of those countries
are partners of ours
in the war on terror.
Now, part of this money you made
came from the sale
of napalm, am I right?
Napalm's not a banned weapon.
If you use it
against civilians it is.
We don't use it
against civilians.
So you sell it
to a bunch of countries
who do use it against civilians.
- Objection.
- May I?
This is all on public record.
My aunt could find it.
There's been another
partners meeting.
- Sustained.
- Sustained?
W-We were just talking
about this
- two minutes ago.
- Those countries are not
relevant to this case,
Mr. McBride.
I was getting to something.
Objection sustained.
So, banned or not,
would you agree
that it's illegal
to test napalm off
the coast of Santa Monica?
We don't do that.
But you've done it in the past.
You know what? A lot
of defense contractors
tested various toxic materials
in the past.
We don't do it now.
Do you make cluster bombs?
We're not licensed to, no.
Okay. So in other words,
if you got caught
making them or testing them,
then you'd be fined
or go to prison or both.
Objection.
Argumentative.
You know what?
I already told you this.
We never tested
or made them. Okay?
Then why did Ryan Larson have
a model of a cluster bomb
- buried in his backyard?
- Objection, Your Honor.
- Lacks foundation.
- Sustained.
Mr. Corey, all the rules
about what fuel and weapons
can be made or tested
are waived
during wartime, right?
So our troops get all
the weapons they need
to fight the bad guys.
No. No. I mean,
a lot of them.
Congress can pass what's
called a Wartime Suspension Act
and give us room
to make what we need,
regardless of the legal
ramifications, yeah.
So hypothetically,
you could get a waiver
to test napalm in the ocean
or to build cluster bombs,
even though that's
against the law.
Hypothetically,
I suppose we could, yes.
Who would apply
for those waivers?
You and who else?
Our lawyers.
Hmm. So Mr. Letts
right here,
Mr. Leonard Letts?
Actually, no, not Mr. Letts.
Well, he's your general counsel,
so if it's not him, who is it?
Donald Cooperman.
- Donald Cooperman?
- Yeah.
So if you wanted to get
one of these waivers
to test napalm
or build a cluster bomb,
who would you ask?
Donald Cooperman.
Did he ever allow Ryan Larson
or anyone else at Borns Tech
to design or make cluster bombs?
I have no idea.
Who would know?
Donald Cooperman.
Did a man named Karl Stoltz
ever work for Borns Tech
or any of its subsidiaries?
No. I mean,
not that I recall.
Which one is it,
no or you don't recall?
You know what? A lot of people
work for Borns Tech.
Thousands. I can't
keep track of all of them,
and I don't recognize that name.
Hmm.
Recognize that guy?
No. Huh-uh.
You're not looking at it, sir.
- How would you know?
- Sure I am.
Do you think it's possible
that he was a former Marine
who worked for your
subsidiary in Dubai?
Employee ID number 32823?
Handled security over there,
and then he came
back to the States
- to work for you here?
- I don't have any idea.
Who would know for sure?
Main counsel
for personnel matters.
Donald Cooperman.
Once again, Donald Cooperman.
Mr. McBride, do you
have any more questions
for this witness?
Oh, no, Your Honor,
I don't. I'm sorry.
I... I think he's said
all he's going to say.
We just have one more
witness to call.
We'd like to call Donald
Cooperman to the stand.
Fuck.
Jesus.
Billy can't make you testify.
The attorney-client privilege
absolutely prevents it.
Well, Callie must have
showed him how,
but Wendell opened the door.
To what?
He claims that I advised them
that they could break the law.
Did you?
No.
Doesn't matter.
Does not matter.
They cannot make you
get on that stand.
Make me? Try to stop me.
Me versus Billy.
Once and for all.
♫ Oh, where have you been ♫
♫ Billy boy, Billy boy? ♫
♫ Oh, where have you been... ♫
♫ Charming Billy? ♫
♫ I have been to seek a wife ♫
♫ She's the joy of my life ♫
♫ She's a young thing
and cannot leave her mother ♫
Who is it?
It's Callie.
Hi, Billy.
Hey. What's up?
Am I interrupting?
No. I was just playing
cards by myself here.
Nothing too exciting.
What, you're not going
to invite me in?
Yeah, sure. Come on in.
So this is the infamous
Ocean Lodge.
Yeah, infamous
is a pretty good way
to put it, I'll say.
- Have a seat.
- No, I'm all right.
I'm not staying.
I just came to drop this off.
Thought I would do it in person.
Professional courtesy.
Not anthrax, is it?
It's our witness list.
Good luck, Billy.
Yeah, you, too.
You stinker!
Resynced and corrections
by Dan4Jem, XII.MMXVI
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org